# Changelog

This file documents recent notable changes to this project. The format of this
file is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and
this project adheres to [Semantic
Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Added the `load_connection_by_prefix_timestamp_key` function and
  `TimestampKeyExtractor` trait to enable querying of keys prefixed with
  `timestamp`.
- The `opLogRawEvents` GraphQL API no longer requires `agentId` and now accepts
  it as an optional parameter. Additionally, the API response now includes logs
  from all agents displayed in chronological order, rather than being limited to
  the logs of a single agent.

### Changed

- Updated `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.24.0-alpha.1,<0.25.0" to ensure
  compatibility between Giganto instances in the cluster. This change reflects
  updates of GraphQL API.
- Modify the code related to migration.
  - Changed `COMPATIBLE_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.24.0-alpha.1,<0.25.0".
  - Added migration function `migrate_0_23_0_to_0_24_0_op_log`. This function
    performs a migration to change the key and value of `Oplog`.
- Added minimal mode to improve behavior in remote configuration mode.
  - If local configuration is not used when running Giganto, it will run in
    minimal mode, with only the GraphQL server running. Retain task, peer server
    task, ingest task, publish task, and DB migration are not executed.
  - In minimal mode, the APIs provided by the GraphQL server are limited. In
    this mode, only the APIs provided by `graphql::status` are available.
  - If the configuration is received successfully via the `setConfig` GraphQL
    API, it will switch to normal mode, where all task and DB migrations run
    as normal, just like when running Giganto with local settings.
- The term `timestamp` and `timestamps` are replaced with `time` and `times` in
  event structs where the type is `DateTime<Utc>`. This change impacts GraphQL
  APIs that return event data or accept filter parameters that used timestamp.
  Additionally, the JSON files generated by the `export` GraphQL API also use
  the new term.
- Documentation of the following GraphQL APIs is updated:
  - `connRawEvents`
  - `networkRawEvents`
  - `ftpRawEvents`
  - `httpRawEvents`
  - `kerberosRawEvents`
  - `ldapRawEvents`
  - `mqttRawEvents`
- Changed `config` GraphQL API to respond `retention` field in "{days}d" format
  to align with the format of the configuration field in the API request.
- `log_dir` is not a required configuration item.

### Removed

- Removed OS-specific configuration directory.
  - Linux: $HOME/.config/giganto/config.toml
  - macOS: $HOME/Library/Application Support/com.cluml.giganto/config.toml
- Removed the GraphQL API `csvFormattedRawEvents`.

## [0.23.0] - 2024-11-21

### Added

- Added GraphQL API `csvFormattedRawEvents` that returns the values of raw
  events of the request protocol in csv format String, delimited by tab.

### Changed

- Remote configuration is no longer stored in a temporary file, nor does it
  overwrite the existing configuration file.
- Changed GraphQL APIs `config` and `setConfig` to return error when using local
  configuration.
- Modified the repair mode to operate only with a local configuration. Giganto
  now terminates if the repair option is specified without the `-c` flag.
- The term source is replaced with the term sensor, resulting in the following
  major changes:
  - The `sources` column family in the DB is replaced with `sensors` column
    family. Running this version of Giganto will migrate the existing data in
    `sources` column familiy to `sensors` column family.
  - The `sources` GraphQL API is renamed to `sensors`.
  - The `sourceId` field in the `export` GraphQL API is renamed to `sensorId`.
  - The `source` field in the filter parameters of all GraphQL APIs is changed
    to `sensor`.
- Update the compatibility version of the quic communication modules, due to the
  update of giganto-client to 0.21.0.
  - Changed `INGEST_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.23.0,<0.24.0".
  - Changed `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.23.0,<0.24.0".
- Updated `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.23.0,<0.24.0" to ensure compatibility
  between Giganto instances in the cluster. This change reflects updates to the
  GraphQL API version and event protocol, which require consistent versions
  across all nodes.

### Removed

- Removed the GraphQL API `setAckTransmissionCount` as the entire configuration
  is now sent at once when modified through the UI.

### Fixed

- Fixed a missing update to the schema.graphql file necessary for
  communication within the Giganto cluster.

## [0.22.1] - 2024-10-22

### Fixed

- Fixed `Connection` of type `PcapSources` to `Vec<Connection>`. This change
  will allow giganto to find the latest `Connection` and extract pcap even if it
  detects a late disconnect from ingest.

## [0.22.0] - 2024-10-04

### Added

- Added `required` option to `ca_certs` to provide an error message when there
  is no `--ca-certs` execution option.

### Changed

- Changed `config` GraphQL API to include a field indicating whether the configuration
  is local or remote.
- Update the compatibility version of the quic communication modules.
  - `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.21.0,<0.23.0".
  - `INGEST_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.21.0,<0.23.0".
  - `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.21.0,<0.23.0".

### Fixed

- Fixed to create `Config` variable normally when running without config file.

### Security

- Updated dependency for security vulnerabilities.
  - Updated async-graphql to version 7.0.11.

## [0.21.0] - 2024-09-23

### Changed

- Updated the version of giganto-client from 0.15.2 to version 0.19.0.
  Updating to this version results in the following changes.
  - Updated the version of quinn, rustls from 0.10, 0.21 to 0.11, 0.23. With the
    update to this version, the usage of the quinn and rustls crates has
    changed, so code affected by the update has also been modified.
  - Modified code and structures based on changes to the conn, http, smtp, ntlm,
    ssh, tls protocols field.
  - Support bootp, dhcp protocol events.
- Changed to receive events in a unit of 100.
- Modified to append the kind value to the filename when extracting a file for a
  protocol for which a kind value exists.
- Applied code import ordering by `StdExternalCrate`. From now on, all code is
  expected to be formatted using `cargo fmt -- --config group_imports=StdExternalCrate`.
- Changed cluster related configuration field names.
  - `peer_address` to `addr_to_peers`
  - `address` in `peers` to `addr` and `host_name` in `peers` to `hostname`
- Changed GraphQL APIs to return `StringNumber` instead of integers
  beyond `i32` in all applicable APIs.
- Changed command line interface.
  - Removed `cert`, `key`, `root` fields from config file.
  - Added cli options `-c`, `--cert`, `--key` and `--ca-certs`.
- Renamed GraphQL API `gigantoConfig` to `config` and updated it to respond
  the full configuration.
- Renamed GraphQL API `setGigantoConfig` to `setConfig`. The endpoint now
  accepts a full configuration as a TOML string and returns `Result<bool>`,
  instead of `Result<String>`.
- Update the compatibility version of the quic communication modules.
  - `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.21.0,<0.22.0".
  - `INGEST_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.21.0,<0.22.0".
  - `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.21.0,<0.22.0".

### Removed

- Removed `unsafe` block in `write_run_tcpdump` while creating a temporary file.
- Removed migration code less than 0.15.3.

### Security

- Updated dependency for security vulnerabilities.
  - Updated quinn-proto to version 0.11.8.
  - Updated openssl to version 0.10.66.

## [0.20.0] - 2024-05-17

### Added

- Added GraphQL API `ping` and mutation `stop`, `reboot`, `shutdown`.
- Added rocksdb's `increase_parallelism` option. This option is set by
  reading the value from `number_of_thread` in config file.
- Added rocksdb's `set_max_subcompactions` option. This option is set by
  reading the value from `max_sub_compactions` in config file.

### Changed

- Modified logging behavior for debug and release builds.
- Changed logs to stdout and file.
- Modify to extract kind/source correctly on export of `secu log`.
- Modify `retain_periodically` function to run as a separate thread.
- Added the `.export` tag to the file being exported. This tag is removed after
  the file is finished exporting.
- Updated `set_giganto_config` function to record requested configuration changes
  to a temporary toml file. Given the original configuration file name as
  `giganto.toml`, the temporary file is named as `giganto.toml.temp.toml`.
  - If the reload trigger succeeds, the new configuration is applied from the
    temporary file; otherwise, the temporary file is deleted.
- Changed configuration field names.
  - `ingest_address` to `ingest_srv_addr`.
  - `publish_address` to `publish_srv_addr`.
  - `graphql_address` to `graphql_srv_addr`.
  - `roots` to `root` to handle using a single root.
- Update dependency for security vulnerabilities.
  - Update rustls to version `0.21.12`.
  - Update h2 to version `0.3.26`.
- Changed `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.19.0,<0.21.0".
- Changed `INGEST_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.15.0,<0.21.0".
- Changed `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.17.0,<0.21.0".

### Removed

- Remove `max_background_jobs` rocksdb option. This option is automatically set
  to the appropriate value when `increase_parallelism` is set.

## [0.19.0] - 2024-02-22

### Added

- Added migration functionality in 0.19.0. This feature deletes the values
  of existing keys in netflow5/netflow9/seculog from versions prior to 0.19.0
  and inserts the values of new keys.

### Changed

- Modify the `sources` GraphQL API to return results that also include
  sources from its peers.
- Changed the prefix of the `Netflow5`/`Netflow9`/`SecuLog` db key to source.
- Modify the related GraphQL APIs as the db keys for `Netflow5`/`Netflow9`/`SecuLog`
  have been changed to `Netflow5RawEvent`, `Netflow9RawEvent`, and `SecuLogRawEvent`
- Changed `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.19.0,<0.20.0".
- Changed `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.17.0,<0.20.0".

## [0.18.0] - 2024-02-16

### Changed

- Reverted the change of logging from `log-broker` to `tracing`.

### Fixed

- Fixed the default port to `8442`.

## [0.17.0] - 2024-01-24

### Added

- Added the ability to filter via `agent_id` in the filter of a GraphQL query
  requesting a sysmon events.
- Added `SmtpRawEvent` to the return value union of `networkRawEvents` GraphQL
  API.
- Added `RunTimeIngestSources` type that checks for information from source
  that is connected to ingest in real time. This type is not currently used,
  but may be used in the future to provide real-time connection information.

### Changed

- Modify GraphQL schema file due to the addition of the `agent_id` field.
- Changed `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.17.0,<0.18.0".
- Changed `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.17.0,<0.18.0".
- Modify `export` GraphQL API to set the extension of the extract file according
  to the export type.

### Fixed

- Fix the part of the `export` query in the GraphQL API about validating filters
  for protocols.
- Fix to initialize `ingest_sources` value from `sources` cf on giganto startup.
  This change is intended to ensure that `IngestSources` provide all source
  information for stored data and `RunTimeIngestSources` provide real-time
  connection source information.

## [0.16.0] - 2024-01-08

### Added

- Added to call more flushes within the `handle_data` function of `ingest` that
  receive raw events. This change ensures that data is saved in all cases where the
  `handle_data` function terminates, such as when an `error` occurs.
- Added functionality to control the sending of acknowledgments.
  - Set the `AckTransmissionCount` by reading from the config file.
  - Changed the type of ack transmission count checked in `ingest` from `const u16`
    to `AckTransmissionCount`(`Arc<RwLock<u16>>`).
  - Added `setAckTransmissionCount` GraphQL API to set the ack transmission
    count. This query changes the `AckTransmissionCount` used in ingest and
    `ack_transmission` in the config file to the input `count` value.
- Added documentation for implementing cluster-supported GraphQL APIs in
  `docs/guide-giganto-cluster-graphql.md`.
- Added `ConvertGraphQLEdgesNode` derive macro that implements `From` trait from
  GraphQL client structs to project structs.
- Supported `log-broker` to send/receive operation log with redis server.
  - Set the redis server with `redis_log_address`, `redis_log_agent_id` and
    `redis_log_fetch_interval` in configuration options.

### Changed

- Modify the `setGigantoConfig` and `gigantoConfig` queries in the GraphQL API
  to read/write the ack transmission count.
- Modify the `setGigantoConfig` and `gigantoConfig` query in the GraphQL API so
  that the fields that take integers read/write the config file for their
  respective types.
- Modify the `gigantoConfig` query in the GraphQL API so that config files that
  work in standalone mode can also be read correctly.
- Changed `export` GraphQL API's response value format from `{export_path}` to
  `{export_path}@{giganto_node_name}`.
- Changed logging from `tracing` to `log-broker`.
- Changed `PEER_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.16.0,<0.17.0".
- Changed `PUBLISH_VERSION_REQ` to ">=0.16.0,<0.17.0".
- Added giganto cluster support for GraphQL and publish message requests.
- Added `requestFromPeer` argument to GraphQL API:
  `netflow5RawEvents`, `netflow9RawEvents`, `secuLogRawEvents`,
  `statistics`.

### Fixed

- Fix `retain_periodically`.

## [0.15.4] - 2023-11-22

### Added

- Added GraphQL API `sysmonEvents` to retrieve all sysmon events at once.

### Changed

- Change to use the `batched_multi_get_cf` provided by rocksdb for multi get search.
  - Since `batched_multi_get_cf` is used, add the prefix `batched` to the
    `multi_get_from_ts`/`multi_get_with_source` functions respectively.
- Changed manual boundary check to boundary checking via `iterator_cf_opt`.
- Rename type aliases `PacketSources` to `PcapSources`, `Sources` to
  `IngestSources`, and `StreamDirectChannel` to `StreamDirectChannels`;
  And move their definition location from `ingest.rs` to `main.rs`.
- Modified `retain_periodically`.
  - When disk usage exceeds `USAGE_THRESHOLD` delete old data until disk usage
    is reduced to `USAGE_LOW`.
  - Supports all column families.
  - The iterator stops processing data once it encounters data that is newer
    than the specified retention period.
- Moved `netflow` source to value from key.

## [0.15.3] - 2023-11-09

### Changed

- Changed `check_address` and `check_port` to have a close ended search where
  it will only return the events that contain the address or port for single
  input.

## [0.15.2] - 2023-11-09

### Changed

- Change `MessageCode::RawData` request processing code to send raw events
  to the Unsupervised Engine in the same format as `MessageCode::RangeData`.

## [0.15.1] - 2023-11-08

### Changed

- Moved `secu_log` source to value from key.

## [0.15.0] - 2023-11-08

### Changed

- Updated giganto-client to 0.15.0.
- Changed minimum/maximum version to 0.15.0 <= version < 0.16.0.

## [0.14.0] - 2023-11-07

### Added

- Added `--repair` option to only fix the database problem then terminated.
- Support `NetflowV5`, `NetflowV9` events. These events does not streamed
  to the Semi-supervised Engine or the Time Series Generator.
- Support `Seculog` events.
  - The `secuLogRawEvents` GraphQL API requires its kind.
    `wapples`, `mf2`, `sniper`, `aiwaf`, `tg`, `vforce`, `srx`, `sonicwall`
    `fgt`, `shadowwall`, `axgate`, `ubuntu`, `nginx`

### Changed

- Modified Kerberos event to support giganto-client.
- Changed `max_background_jobs` to 6 from 2.
- Changed minimum version to 0.13.1.

### Fixed

- Fix potential bug in `retain_periodically`.

## [0.13.1] - 2023-09-18

### Changed

- Change the `statistics` GraphQL API.
  - Removed `core` as an argument to the query. Also changed the condition of
    source to allow searching for `multiple sources`.
  - Provides statistics data by `source`/`time`/`protocol`.
  - If the statistics data type is `statistics`, provide `bps`/`pps`.
  - If it's of type `network` (network-sourced events collected by the Sensor),
    provide `eps`.
  - If there is no value for the protocol field in the filter, statistics are
    provided for `all protocol`.
  - If filter has no value for the time field, it will provide the most `recent`
    statistics.
- Add feature to generate benchmark statistics for ingest events.
- Modify to execute flush when giganto down.

## [0.13.0] - 2023-08-28

### Added

- Add GraphQL API `statistics` to read data from `statistics` store.
  The result format is `Protocol/Size/Count`.
  - `Protocol`: target protocol name like `Statistics`, `Http`, `Dns`.
    `Statistics` is the input traffic statistics of the collector device.
  - `Size`: packet size for `Statistics` or 0 for other protocols.
  - `Count`: packet count for `Statistics` or event count for other protocols.
- Add key generation feature for intuitive data lookup of database in giganto.
  - `StorageKeyBuilder`: This is a builder structure for dynamically generating keys.
    Depending on whether you have 2 or 3 keys, call the `start`/`mid`/`end` function
    to set the keys.
  - `StorageKey`: A structure that stores lookup keys generated by `StorageKeyBuilder`.
  - `KeyExtractor`: A trait for calling the value to be set by the key.
- Supports 14 sysmon events.
- Added `search[sysmon type]Events` GraphQL APIs for sysmon event supported by giganto.

### Changed

- Replaced `lazy_static` with the new `std::sync::OnceLock`.
- Modify `pcap_with_data` test function to compare times based on utc timezone.
- Change the key of `statistics` store to `source + core id + timestamp` not to
  overwrite statistics data from other core of same machine.
  When Giganto is loading with old DB version, the old data will be removed
  because it's possible to be overwritten by other core's data.
- Change `export` GraphQL API to support `statistics` store.
  This change makes it possible to export statistics data of only core 0 of
  the collector device. This will be fixed in next change.
- Remove unused `time()` from `RawEventFilter` trait.
- Modify to use `Networkfilter` in GraphQL APIs requesting sysmon events.
- Modify statistics migration version to 0.13.0 from 0.12.4.

### Fixed

- Fixed to only generate the `collect_records` error message when an error event
  exists, and applied the same change to `export`.
- Fixed `export` GraphQL API to export statistics data for all cores.

## [0.12.3] - 2023-07-10

### Changed

- Fixed fields of `FtpRawEvent` and `FtpJsonOutput`.
- Modified `collect_records` to continue collecting even if error data is
  included in the data.

### Fixed

- Fixed warning from release build.

## [0.12.2] - 2023-07-04

### Added

- Supports the SMB protocol.
- Supports the NFS protocol.

## [0.12.1] - 2023-06-26

### Added

- Supports the TLS protocol.
- Added migration functionality in `0.12.0`. This feature adds values for new fields
  (`orig_filenames`, `orig_mime_types`, `resp_filenames`, `resp_mime_types`) to
  `Http` in versions 0.12.0 and earlier.

## [0.12.0] - 2023-06-20

### Added

- added Giganto clustering functionality. This feature connects giganto peer-to-peer,
  and connected gigantos share each other's `peer` list and connected `source` list.
- Supports the LDAP protocol.

### Changed

- Supports the expanded HTTP protocol.
- Modify `proto` field of `Ftp`, `Mqtt`, `Ldap` to u8 from u16.
- Modify the processing part of the Unsupervised Engine's data request.
  - Modify to handle network, log, and time series data requests with `ReqRange`
    and `RequestRange`.
  - Add to handle `Timeseries` requests in `MessageCode::RawData`.
  - Modify `multi_get_with_source` to return in the form of
    `Vec<(i64, String, Vec<u8>)>`.

## [0.11.0] - 2023-05-16

### Changed

- Modify the certificate verification.
- Update quinn to version 0.10 and rustls to version 0.21 for giganto-client
  version 0.7.0.

## [0.10.2] - 2023-05-12

### Added

- Supports the MQTT protocol.
- Add `cfg path` fields to Settings. This path is used to fetch/modify
  giganto's config.

### Fixed

- Fixed to check for DB compatibility version.

## [0.10.1] - 2023-05-02

### Added

- Add event search GraphQL API for protocols supported by `giganto`.
  (`dns`, `conn`, `rdp`, `smtp`, `ntlm`, `kerberos`, `ssh`, `DceRpc`,`ftp`)

## [0.10.0] - 2023-04-28

### Added

- Add GIGANTO DB version compatibility check.
- Add a publish API to return the source, raw_events
  from the source, timestamps for the Unsupervised Engine.
- Supports the FTP protocol.
- Add a GraphQL API for `searchHttpRawEvents`.

## [0.9.0] - 2023-04-03

### Added

- Add GraphQL API to return source list.

### Changed

- Change the format of data sent to the Unsupervised Engine from the publish
  module. ([ref](https://github.com/aicers/giganto-client/issues/9))

## [0.8.0] - 2023-03-30

### Added

- Add Giganto Restart processing.
- Add more fields to `Dns`, `Conn`, `Http`.
- Add common fields to network events.
- Publish support Packet request/response through QUIC.
- Add Packet store.
- Add GraphQL API for Packet.
- Add database options to config file.
- Add GraphQL API for config file.

### Changed

- Change field name `duration` to `last_time`. (Except Conn struct)
- Modify to receive and process `multiple sources` of stream request messages
  from the Semi-supervised Engine.
- Modify module name `ingestion` to `ingest`.
- Create giganto's communication part as a separate crate. (giganto-client)
- Move init tracing to giganto-client crate for oplog logging.
- Fix packet logic in ingest.
- Rocksdb compression type has changed to Lz4, zstd from snappy.
- Move giganto-client to separate repo [giganto-client](https://github.com/aicers/giganto-client).

## [0.7.0] - 2023-01-04

### Added

- Add export file to GraphQL API. (`csv`, `json` format support)
- Add `Statistics` column family. Receive and save traffic statistics from the
  Sensor.
- Save Giganto's `syslog` to a path written to `log_dir` in configuration file.
- Add `Oplog`. (Operation log)

### Changed

- Send different stream start message depending on the daemon.
- Check the write permission on `/data/logs/apps` directory.

## [0.6.0] - 2022-12-06

### Added

- Publish support protocol record data request/response through QUIC.
- Add periodic time series to GraphQL API.
- Add send `all` source network stream to the Semi-supervised Engine.
- Add more network data types. (`Ntlm`, `Kerberos`, `Ssh`, `DceRpc`)

### Changed

- The key in timeseries data includes timestamp.
- Change DNS answer field to `Vec<String>`.

### Removed

- Remove send network stream to the Semi-supervied Engine from database.

### Fixed

- The subject name, rather than the issuer name, in the client certificate is
  used as an identifier.

## [0.5.0] - 2022-11-17

### Added

- Adds `smtp` to receive and save SMTP event.
- Adds SMTP to GraphQL API.

### Changed

- Adds `answer` field of DNS event.

## [0.4.0] - 2022-11-01

### Added

- Publish support network event(conn, dns, rdp, http) stream data through QUIC.
- GraphQL API returns all network raw events.

### Changed

- Separate compatibility version check criteria for publish and ingestion.

## [0.3.0] - 2022-10-20

### Added

- Support periodic time series.
- GraphQL API supports filtering with source name, kind name of log, time range,
  IP address range, port range.
- Publish check protocol compatibility with connected Programs.
- Publish support log/period time series record data request/response through QUIC.
- Add Packets Request GraphQL API.
- Send acknowledgment of channel done messages sent by reproduce.

### Changed

- GraphQL API now accepts `filter`, which includes the source name, time range,
  IP address ranges, and port ranges.

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug returning wrong events when the time range is specified.

## [0.2.0] - 2022-10-04

### Added

- limit Maximum request page size. (Requests over 100 will be treated as 100)
- Check protocol compatibility with connected Programs.
- Accepts QUIC connections from subscribers.
- GraphQL API supports cursor-based pagination.
- GraphQL API takes `start` and `end` parameters to specify the time range of
  the query.

### Fixed

- A query for a certain source no longer returns events from other sources.

## [0.1.0] - 2022-09-16

### Added

- Initial release.

[Unreleased]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.23.0...main
[0.23.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.22.1...0.23.0
[0.22.1]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.22.0...0.22.1
[0.22.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.21.0...0.22.0
[0.21.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.20.0...0.21.0
[0.20.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.19.0...0.20.0
[0.19.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.18.0...0.19.0
[0.18.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.17.0...0.18.0
[0.17.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.16.0...0.17.0
[0.16.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.15.3...0.16.0
[0.15.4]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.15.3...0.15.4
[0.15.3]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.15.2...0.15.3
[0.15.2]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.15.1...0.15.2
[0.15.1]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.15.0...0.15.1
[0.15.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.14.0...0.15.0
[0.14.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.13.1...0.14.0
[0.13.1]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.13.0...0.13.1
[0.13.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.12.3...0.13.0
[0.12.3]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.12.2...0.12.3
[0.12.2]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.12.1...0.12.2
[0.12.1]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.12.0...0.12.1
[0.12.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.11.0...0.12.0
[0.11.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.10.2...0.11.0
[0.10.2]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.10.1...0.10.2
[0.10.1]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.10.0...0.10.1
[0.10.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.9.0...0.10.0
[0.9.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.8.0...0.9.0
[0.8.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.7.0...0.8.0
[0.7.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.6.0...0.7.0
[0.6.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.5.0...0.6.0
[0.5.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.4.0...0.5.0
[0.4.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.3.0...0.4.0
[0.3.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.2.0...0.3.0
[0.2.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/compare/0.1.0...0.2.0
[0.1.0]: https://github.com/aicers/giganto/tree/0.1.0
